At night in the mountains covered with fog. A barefoot boy with long hair ash in a robe ran through the forest. His clothes were torn and he himself was scared. He did not notice a snag and tripped over it. The boy lost his balance and rolled down a steep slope. He raised himself from the ground on his right hand and cursed. It seemed to him that the strength from under his feet was disappearing. Ash looked up. He now leaned on two hands and cursed again. The boy stood up to his full height. He saw many figures and robes in front of him and sadly realized that they had calculated everything from the very beginning. Ash clenched his teeth in irritation. One of his enemies who was standing on the highest branch of a tree noted that Prince Ash had reached here in half an hour. His comrades laughed and said that they had barely waited for the protagonist. The boy looked at the naked blades of his enemies and did not know what to do. He had no more strength left. He loudly and confidently asked those who were hunting him what the reason was because he didn't even have a chance to become king and he was going to give up living in the castle. Ash didn't understand why they wanted to kill him. The hooded man's eyes gleamed unkindly. He said that it didn't matter whether the prince wanted to live in the castle or whether he had a magical gift from birth. The killer believed that Ash should have known about this. He put the sword on his shoulder and added that since the protagonist also had the right to become king, this was simply a necessary procedure. His partner suggested that the protagonist not resist. Ash's enemies further words shocked him. They promised him that despite the fact that he had lowclass blood, the killers would take into account that he was the son of a king and would kill him painlessly. The guy was very offended by the phrase about lowclass blood. He frowned and became angry that they dared to insult his mother. The prince took a knife out of his robe, realizing that his enemies would hardly kill him painlessly. So, he decided that if he was destined to die, he would fight to the end. The man opposite him was not at all surprised. Assuming that Brook's bodyguard had taught Ash martial arts. However, seeing the protagonist's awkward stance with a weapon, he changed his mind and concluded that blood is blood, the killer continued to look at his victim. He thought that the protagonist was not a fighter, but simply did not want to give up and decided that it was even funnier this way. Four men in cloaks on the orders of the fifth attacked the prince. Ash began to swing his weapon. His enemy prepared to strike. He knocked the knife out of the protagonist's hand with a blow of the guard to the palm. The guy looked in horror at the weapon he had dropped. The killer reached out to him. He grabbed the protagonist by the neck and lifted him into the air. The hooded man looked at his victim and couldn't believe that this was the end. The guy pulled out another knife from his belt on his back. The comrade of the one holding Ash by the neck tried to warn him, but only distracted him. While the killer wasn't looking, the guy plunged the blade into his throat. The dead man's partners perked up. The guy landed. His enemy was choking on blood. The prince rubbed his neck, smiled, and agreed that it was funny. The killers didn't understand what was happening and how someone who didn't even study martial arts could kill one of them. They began to wonder if he was bluffing or if he really didn't know how to fight. One of them readied his weapon. He scolded the dead man for doing something so rash in such a situation and was afraid of what would happen if the guy really learned martial arts. The killer, holding a sword in his hand, rushed at Ash, screaming. He jumped up and hit the protagonist hard in the chin with his knee. The guy fell and started coughing up blood. His enemy was angry at him for daring to kill his comrade. Then the man plunged the blade into the prince's torso. The protagonist screamed throughout the forest. He was lying on the ground, writhing in pain. The killer stepped on his stomach and asked him what it felt like to feel a hole there. The prince screamed. He squeezed the ground with his fingers and was upset that he managed to fool only one. Then, however, the guy thought that it was good that he killed at least one. The killer continued to step on his wound and cause excruciating pain. He wanted Ash to die very slowly and feel all this pain. The prince screamed. The sadist comrade watched from the side. He did not like this method at all, but he admitted that since their member was dead, there was no other way. There was a sudden flash. The killer broke out in a cold sweat and opened his eyes wide. The next second, his partner, who had been mocking the main character, was destroyed by an explosion. He was blown away from the guy by the blow. No one else was affected. Ash looked in front of him at the bloody enemy. The killers stared blankly at the corpse and did not understand what this something that looked like white light was. A man in sneakers stepped onto the field. One of the men noticed this. He turned around and pointed his finger at the source of the danger. The killers looked at the new character who had an incredible aura. This man sparkled with lightning. The killers did not dare to approach him. He stood confidently dressed in modern clothes with his arms folded across his chest. The killer frowned and sweated because he did not know who it was or what he was wearing. This man, smiling, lowered his hands. The man could not stand it, drew his sword, and attacked him at the same time, asking who he was. The boy in front of him did not move. He continued to smile. There was another flash. The attacking assassin was scattered to pieces in front of his surviving comrades. One of the two remaining was shocked when he felt a splash of his partner's blood flying at him. The boy in front of them began to shine with lightning even more intensely. The hooded men did not understand what it was and how their enemy disappeared so instantly, leaving behind a strong gust of wind. One of them assumed that it was the lightning step skill, but he could not believe it. He realized that in an instant, everything around him disappeared and became transparent like water. The next moment, his boss was killed and the only living assassin screamed when he saw it. The man tried to understand what kind of light he was seeing. He thought with horror that it was the light of the strength of a fighter whose skills had reached the highest level. The killer once again paid attention to this light and wondered why such a great fighter was helping this boy. He held the weapon with both hands and trembled. The hooded man looked at Ash, who had already lost a lot of blood, and decided that he could not be saved, which meant that they had accomplished their mission. He dashed from the spot in an attempt to hide and retreat. The killer jumped into the air in the opposite direction from the enemies. The guy with lightning pointed his hand at him. The man immediately seemed to burst and dropped his weapon. The prince watched this. He smiled and said again that it was funny. Then he slowly closed his eyes. The guy who killed all the enemies was surprised that his ancestor was smiling even in death. The prince opened his eyes again, hearing about the ancestor. He wondered who this man was and what he was talking about. The protagonist saw everything as if in a fog. His eyes were closing so he could not understand who was standing in front of him. The prince felt as if his body was growing cold. Ash was breathing heavily. Looking at the sky, he believed that this was deaf. The guy in front of him looked at his wristwatch, realized that he had already been found and cursed. He pulled out a device from behind his back and admitted that he wanted to come earlier and give him instructions on how to use it. The man looked at the prince lying on the ground and decided that he needed to hurry before he died. He was about to stick the syringe into Ash, who could only watch his actions with his eyes. The guy then injected the contents of the syringe into his ancestors chest and noticed that he even felt sick. He raised his hand with the medical instrument, smiled, and said that he was done. The man in modern clothes leaned over to the bleeding ancestor with the intention of telling him something. He wished Ash good luck and hinted that he also wanted to get something good from the prince. The guy stood up to his full height and hid his hands in his pockets. He loudly explained that this nano machine was the latest development, so it would not be difficult to operate it and again wished him luck in studying it. Then he disappeared, leaving Ash alone. The prince did not understand at all what this incomprehensible creature was trying to tell him. A mechanical voice rang out announcing the 10-digit number of the invention. Ash's eyes widened in surprise. He thought he heard strange sounds in his head. The mechanical voice added that the seventh generation nanom machine of Sky Corporation had been put into operation.
